README.md, before:

# C# Coding Examples

This repository contains various C# code examples demonstrating different algorithms and programming concepts.

## Files Overview

- <mcfile name="BinaryConversion.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\BinaryConversion.cs"></mcfile> Converts decimal numbers to binary using a stack.
- <mcfile name="BinomialCoefficient.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\BinomialCoefficient.cs"></mcfile> Calculates the binomial coefficient using factorials.
- <mcfile name="Butterfly1.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\Butterfly1.cs"></mcfile> Generates a butterfly pattern (Type 1) using asterisks and spaces.
- <mcfile name="Butterfly2.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\Butterfly2.cs"></mcfile> Generates a butterfly pattern (Type 2) using asterisks and spaces.
- <mcfile name="DecimalConversion.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\DecimalConversion.cs"></mcfile> Converts binary numbers to decimal.
- <mcfile name="Diamond.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\Diamond.cs"></mcfile> Prints a full diamond pattern.
- <mcfile name="Factorial.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\Factorial.cs"></mcfile> Calculates the factorial of a number using both iterative and recursive approaches.
- <mcfile name="Fibonacci.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\Fibonacci.cs"></mcfile> Generates Fibonacci numbers and series.
- <mcfile name="HollowDiamond.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\HollowDiamond.cs"></mcfile> Prints a hollow diamond pattern.
- <mcfile name="PrimeNumber.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\PrimeNumber.cs"></mcfile> Checks if a number is prime and prints prime numbers up to a given limit.

Commit message:

feat: add multiple C# utility functions and update README
Add new utility functions including greeting, number operations, array operations, and string operations. Also update README.md to document all files in the repository.

The new functions include:
- PrintGreeting: prints a greeting message
- SumOfTwoNumber: adds two numbers
- CToF: converts Celsius to Fahrenheit
- NumSquare: calculates square of a number
- EvenorOdd: checks if number is even/odd
- ArraySum: sums array elements
- MaxNumInArray: finds max in array
- MaximumNumber: finds max of three numbers
- VowelCount: counts vowels in string

Also fixed indentation in HollowDiamond.cs pattern output.

README.md, after:

# C# Coding Examples

This repository contains various C# code examples demonstrating different algorithms and programming concepts.

## Files Overview

- <mcfile name="ArraySum.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\ArraySum.cs"></mcfile>: Calculates the sum of elements in an array.
- <mcfile name="BinaryConversion.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\BinaryConversion.cs"></mcfile>: Converts decimal numbers to binary using a stack.
- <mcfile name="BinomialCoefficient.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\BinomialCoefficient.cs"></mcfile>: Calculates the binomial coefficient using factorials.
- <mcfile name="Butterfly1.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\Butterfly1.cs"></mcfile>: Generates a butterfly pattern (Type 1) using asterisks and spaces.
- <mcfile name="Butterfly2.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\Butterfly2.cs"></mcfile>: Generates a butterfly pattern (Type 2) using asterisks and spaces.
- <mcfile name="CToF.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\CToF.cs"></mcfile>: Converts Celsius to Fahrenheit.
- <mcfile name="DecimalConversion.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\DecimalConversion.cs"></mcfile>: Converts binary numbers to decimal.
- <mcfile name="Diamond.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\Diamond.cs"></mcfile>: Prints a full diamond pattern.
- <mcfile name="EvenorOdd.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\EvenorOdd.cs"></mcfile>: Checks if a number is even or odd.
- <mcfile name="Factorial.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\Factorial.cs"></mcfile>: Calculates the factorial of a number using both iterative and recursive approaches.
- <mcfile name="Fibonacci.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\Fibonacci.cs"></mcfile>: Generates Fibonacci numbers and series.
- <mcfile name="HollowDiamond.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\HollowDiamond.cs"></mcfile>: Prints a hollow diamond pattern.
- <mcfile name="MaximumNumber.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\MaximumNumber.cs"></mcfile>: Finds the maximum of three numbers.
- <mcfile name="MaxNumInArray.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\MaxNumInArray.cs"></mcfile>: Finds the maximum number in an array.
- <mcfile name="NumSquare.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\NumSquare.cs"></mcfile>: Calculates the square of a number.
- <mcfile name="PrimeNumber.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\PrimeNumber.cs"></mcfile>: Checks if a number is prime and prints prime numbers up to a given limit.
- <mcfile name="PrintGreeting.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\PrintGreeting.cs"></mcfile>: Prints a greeting message.
- <mcfile name="SumOfTwoNumber.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\SumOfTwoNumber.cs"></mcfile>: Adds two numbers.
- <mcfile name="VowelCount.cs" path="e:\c# Code\C# Coding\VowelCount.cs"></mcfile>: Counts the number of vowels in a string.
